# Tensorflow-football-model-2

This script uses the Tensorflow neural network to predict betting-odds, goals, corner and many variables in a football match using tensorflow. The input for the neural network are the team-ratings from the FIFA videogame database. I collected the data from the webpage wwww.sofifa.com. I have not uploaded it to Github because I don't really know if I might find copyright issues. The script should be executed in a Tensorflow environment (Firstenv). In a standard environment there might be issues when importing the Tensorflow library.

- The files "apuestas_teams_20xx" are the scripts used to get the data of every season that will be used as input in the 
neural network. At the moment I collected it for the seasons 2018 and 2019. The database will probably be enlarged with more seasons in the future. For summarizing, the script takes the ratings of the spanish, german and italian teams for every season and
combines it with the variables of the match such as number of goals, corners, yellow cards, red cards, fouls, odds... This data is taken from the database of the webpage http://www.football-data.co.uk. After mixing both databases we have the info about corners, cards, betting-odds, goals, combined with the rating skills of every team. The skills of every team are actualised every week in the data base from EA Sports, which means, the ratings of the football teams are dynamic, depending on the last performances of the teams. The combination of all the data might take long time on a local computer. It might be a good idea to work remotely in a big data environment like hadoop in order to speed up the creation of the files.

- The file "neural network teams" uses the databases and tries to simulate future results by means of sklearn and keras tensorflow. As usual we used part of the data base for training the model (around 70%), and 30% to test it. I used the same process at the end with a simple linear regression. The fit for the odds is quite acceptable. Unfortunately, the script does not show good results when it comes to goals. The database should be maybe enlarged with more seasons. Anyway, the aim of the project was not beating the betting house, but learning about the use of the tensorflow environment.
